(light music)
Okay, I wanna take a moment to talk about
getting help inside the course.
As you go through any programming course,
chances are you're gonna hit a situation,
some type of error condition
that you don't know how to resolve.
So, the first thing that you wanna do,
if you encounter a problem,
is take a look at the course Q and A.
So every lecture has a Q and A section.
There's a button right here that you can click on
to see the Q and A for that specific lecture in the course.
So there's a lot of people that have taken this course.
Over 40,000 have enrolled at this point in time.
So if you need help chances are somebody's already
encountered that problem and has asked a question about it
and posted a question and probably has gotten a response.
So, this is a good way to get you quickly rolling again.
Check that Q and A,
see if that question has already been answered.
If it has not I'm going to also leave a link
in the course resources here for the course wiki.
So I've got a bunch of information on the wiki,
and there's an entire section on FAQ,
so frequently asked questions.
So I see people asking the same questions a lot,
and I'll do a little write up,
put that into FAQ so you can refer to that.
So step one, check the Q and A,
step two, check the FAQ for the course.
And these are two ways that you
can get rolling again quickly.
Now on the next video, or in the next lecture
you will find an opportunity to sign up for a Slack channel.
Right now we've got about 8300 people in a Slack community
dedicated to this course.
So this is an online community.
I watch it, my teacher's assistants watch it,
and other students watch it.
So if you run into a problem that's not addressed
by the Q and A or FAQ check out the Slack community
and ask your question there.
So a lot of times what's gonna happen inside of Slack,
believe it or not, every night I do go to sleep
and I wake up in the morning and I'll see somebody
has asked a question at like three a.m. my time
and I get up and somebody else has already responded
and gotten that person going again.
So this is a great way to help you progress
through the course and get back on track
if you hit a problem that you cannot resolve.
Now, when you do hit a problem
and you do need to ask a question,
a couple of things that you, some do's and don'ts.
What you do wanna do is be very helpful
as to the error situation that you've encountered.
I see, some people will say, hey, I've got this problem.
Did anybody else see it on this section?
That does not give us very much to go on.
So help us help you by being very clear
about the error condition that you're seeing.
So describe what lecture you are on.
Provide a stack trace.
So that stack trace is very, very important,
and if you're using IntelliJ
what you can do in the console you can do a right click
and say create gist, G-I-S-T,
and that is going to take that stack trace
and put it up into the web into GitHub,
and you can share a URL.
So you can create a gist and share a URL
so somebody can see that full stack trace.
A lot of times what I see people do
is they take a screenshot,
and they're gonna get this much of the stack trace,
while the root cause is actually somewhere up here
in that stack trace.
So when you share a screenshot like that,
a lot of times, it's not enough information
for us to determine what happened.
So having that full stack trace is very helpful
and beneficial for us to troubleshoot
what is happening for you.
Another thing that is very helpful
is to share a link to your repository.
So check in your code into GitHub,
commit it, and then share a link
so that we can take a look at your source code.
So it gives us a much better picture to help you out.
So these are very important things that you can do
to share a complete picture of what's going on.
And speaking of pictures,
another thing that you do not wanna do is,
I've seen several people do this,
is they'll take a picture of their laptop screen.
So this is even worse than a screenshot,
is to sit there and take a picture of your laptop.
I've never been able to get any useful information
from a picture of somebody's laptop screen.
This is probably the worst way to ask for help.
So, just remember,
be very clear on what you're asking about,
share the stack trace, provide that stack trace
so that we can see what's going on there,
and also providing a link to your GitHub repository
where we can see your service code.
It's all things that can help us help you
and get you going much quicker.
Now as you grow as a Spring developer
you're gonna start working on your own projects.
Hopefully you'll start working for a company as well,
and then there's a lot of resources there on the web
that you can utilize.
One of them is Stack Overflow.
This is where you can post questions about Spring Framework,
and then Spring actually has a number of people,
number of committers, that monitor Stack Overflow
for questions and help people out.
So this is where you're asking the entire world for help,
and you can get answers to questions
that are not gonna be covered by this course.
Also, another great resource with Spring
is most of the Spring Framework projects
have what's called Gitter,
and you can look at the source code repository
or the homepage off of the Spring website,
and those usually have a link to a Gitter community.
And this is an online chat room
that's going to have committers behind that project
that are gonna be sitting there
available online inside a Gitter.
And also, people that are experienced inside the community.
So you start, let's say you get down the road
and start using Spring security.
You have a question about it,
Gitter can be a great resource.
Again, this is stuff for your own personal projects.
Within the course, just remember,
please utilize the Q and A, FAQ.
Slack community is a great resource.
And as you grow and start getting into
your own Spring projects,
be sure to use Stack Overflow.
It's a great resource, great community.
Or Gitter.
That is another great resource
for asking about Spring projects in general.